Admin View All Users

Go to root url 'https://radiant-savannah-1336.herokuapp.com/'
Look at top left corner under 'Bananaz - Fruit for All: Community Gardens in Vancouver' for user information
If you are logged in with a twitter account, click 'Logout'.
On the url bar, enter 'https://radiant-savannah-1336.herokuapp.com/admin/'
Log in with username 'admin' and password 'admin'
You are now logged in as an admin.
On the url bar, enter 'https://radiant-savannah-1336.herokuapp.com/'
On the top left corner, see 'Hello, admin. Logout to login with Twitter.'
Under 'Logout' link, click the button 'All Users'
A list of all 'twitter users' that used this web application is listed under the button.
Each 2-3 line block in this table/list represents a user.
Each user has a 'Username', 'Name', and 'Email' line. Field is empty if that user doesn't have that field
On a second brower window, go to 'https://radiant-savannah-1336.herokuapp.com/admin/'
Click 'Users', click on a twitter user (all twitter users have a First Name)
Delete this user by clicking 'Delete', keep track of which user you deleted
Now on your first browser, click the 'All Users' button again.
Confirm that the deleted user is not displayed in the table/list


Getting Directions

Open a new browser window, go to 'https://radiant-savannah-1336.herokuapp.com/'
Pop up window appears asking to 'share location', select 'not now'.
Now look at the table list of gardens, click the button 'Display Route' for any garden
Should see a pop up window saying 'user location disabled. please enable sharing your location'
Should not see any markers or routes on the map.
Now refresh this page.
Pop up window appears asking to 'share location', select 'ok'.
Click the row '15th Avenue Coop', not the button 'Display Route'.
Should see a marker appearing on the map, the log message under the map says 'you are viewing the location of 15th Avenue Coop'
Keep track of where the marker is.
Now click 'Display Route' for the garden '15th Avenue Coop'.
Check the previous marker is removed.
Should see line connecting 2 markers.
Check that marker 'B' is at the same location as the marker when you clicked row '15th Avenue Coop'
Check that marker 'A' is the location where you are currently at.
Now click 'Display Route' for the garden '2624 Franklin St - Apartment'
Check that previous markers and route clears, new marker 'A' and 'B' and route is displayed on the map.
If possible, walk/drive to a different location and complete all steps above.
Check that marker 'A' is the location where you are currently at.